Support for default table (and cells) properties (#9393)
ckeditor/ckeditor5: packages/ckeditor5-table/docs/features/table.md

	.catch( ... );
```

### Default table and cell styles

> You can specify the default styles for the table and cells that will be applied while creating the new table by passing the `defaultProperties` object to {@link module:table/table~TableConfig#tableProperties} for tables, and {@link module:table/table~TableConfig#tableCellProperties} for cells.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can specify the default styles for the table and cells that will be applied while creating a new table. To configure default table styles, pass the `defaultProperties` object to {@link module:table/table~TableConfig#tableProperties} configuration option. Similarly, cell styles can be configured by setting `defaultProperties` on {@link module:table/table~TableConfig#tableCellProperties} option.
```
